cargo:rustc-cfg=feature="std"
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=BLST_TEST_NO_STD
Using blst source directory /Users/alainherrrera/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst
cargo:rerun-if-changed=/Users/alainherrrera/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/src
cargo:rerun-if-changed=/Users/alainherrrera/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/build
TARGET = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
HOST = Some("aarch64-apple-darwin")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_aarch64-apple-darwin
CC_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_aarch64_apple_darwin
CC_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CC
HOST_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
DEBUG = Some("false")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
CFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_CFLAGS
HOST_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64-apple-darwin
AR_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_aarch64_apple_darwin
AR_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_AR
HOST_AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR
AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64-apple-darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin
ARFLAGS_aarch64_apple_darwin = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=HOST_ARFLAGS
HOST_ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS
ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=blst
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=/Users/alainherrrera/Downloads/GalgotArbitrage/Uniswap_arb_bot/target/release/build/blst-0a0fd5e39c3870c8/out
cargo:BINDINGS=/Users/alainherrrera/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/bindings
cargo:C_SRC=/Users/alainherrrera/.cargo/registry/src/index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f/blst-0.3.11/blst/src
